CSS Responsive Image Tutorial:

Q1:  How to make Images fluid/ responsive with CSS

A:  Generally, To make an image responsive, you need to give a new value to its width property. Then, the height of the image will adjust itself automatically.

    You SHOULD ALWAYS use RELATIVE units for the width property like 
            Percentage
            REM
    rather than absolute units like pixels.
    So instead of assigning width as 500px, you should use width as 50%


Q2:  Should I use Media queries?

A:  If you want your image to have different sizes from one device to another, then you will need to use media queries. Otherwise, you won't.
    for e.g. your image has a 50% width for any kind of screen. But when you want to make it full-size for mobile devices, you need to get help from media queries:

    @media only screen and(max-width:480px){
            img{
                width:100%;
            }
        }

    So based on the media query rule, any device smallewr than 480px will take the full size of the width of the screen.


Q3: Why is the max-width property not great?

A:  It could be effective but doesnt work for every lind of screen size or device.

    The max-width property sets a maximum width for an element, which does NOT allow the width of that element to be larger than its max-width value(but it can be smaller)

    for e.g. if the image has a default width of 500px, and if your screen size has only 360px, then you won't be able to see the complete image, because there is not enough space:
    
        solution: 
            img{
                max-width:100%;
                width:500px;
            }
    The above could be a solution but it will ONLY be effective till the image reaches its actual width of 500px; 
            BUT it break the responsiveness if the device screen size goes beyond 500px. To fix this, you need to use the width property again, which makes the max-width property useless.


A BETTER SOLUTION:

To have more control over your images, CSS provides another property called 'object-fit'.

img{

width: 100% ;
height: 300px ;
object-fit: cover ;
object-position: bottom ;

}


If needed, you can use the object-position property (in addition to object-fit) to focus on a specific part of the image. 






